# conference-optimisation
Application that allows for conference optimisation across timezones and weighting options for different factors

This app is created in by me in 10 weeks as a research project.

The planning of an online conference can be challenging due to factors such as the geographical distribution of participants, the difference in working hours between time zones, and the need to accommodate participants from particular countries. There have been no solutions to these specific problems so far. Therefore, my objective in this project is to begin the development of a tool that will assist in resolving the problem of optimizing conference times. This tool will enable us to accommodate international conferences spanning multiple time zones by weighing participants based on factors such as country, quality of life and time zone. It was accomplished by gathering university data from Wikipedia and writing a program that allows universities to be evaluated. Scores are calculated in the program for the most optimal time for online conferences, taking into account those weighing options. This application allows different factors such as quality of life, time zone, particular countries and quality of life to be considered when planning a conference. By using the application, air pollution can be reduced, and universities' spending on conferences will decrease, which will benefit developing countries. Furthermore, it can also increase academics' productivity by not attending conferences during unfavourable hours.
